---
layout: post
title: Moving Out Day
subtitle: 0823 Daily Reflection
cover-img: /assets/img/gustav-gullstrand.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/kiki-wang-TOc.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
permalink: /20200823 dr/
tags: [story, reflection]
---

Today is the moving out day. Seeing the empty clean room made me feel relieved and happy. There are a lot to 
say yet I don't know how to express them because it's too complicated and my writing skill is only at elementary 
level. I spent a whole week in cleaning the room and moved out from my room to the living room for convenience. 
I had once stayed until 4 am for cleaning the stoves in the kitchen using forks to scrub heavy greasy dirt off. 
That was impressive. I don't always regard myself as having a clean living habit but when it goes to cleaning, 
I was paranoid again making it like me closing the chest on the operation table to check, check and check.  
<br>
Now I am sitting in 2807S, a room owned by a statistics PhD. Surprisingly, he furnished the rooms so warm that make me 
feel so cozy and what's most interesting is he decorated the room all by second-hand stuffs even an Alexia which I found 
the music it plays out sound so good that almost like the Sonos I tried in the Costco. There are at lease four ground lamps in the living room 
where he sleeps and a 34 inches LCD computer screen is dazzling as well. It is like a dream home for a college student while 
my room in 3214S was like a temporary refugee tent. Maybe it is because I would only stay for 1 year and he will be there for 
4 years. Yet I used to think of my room being good enough before seeing his. Yeah, there is always a mountain behind a mountain.  
<br>
Just hope I can safely arrive at the airport and get my boarding pass. It's really too hard. And today is Tom's birthday. Happy 
Birthday Tom.