---
layout: post
title: Lost
subtitle: 0808 Daily Reflection
cover-img: /assets/img/gustav-gullstrand.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/kiki-wang-TOc.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
permalink: /20200808 dr/
tags: [story, reflection]
---

It is easy to get lost.  
<br>
When I was reading books on machine learning several weeks ago I felt fulfilled every day and knew what 
to do next with a clear target that was to finish those book from cover to cover. After the reading job 
is over, I should have started to design my project. I first switched my reading from books to related papers, yet 
the protocol writing part has not started which I feel maybe a little behind the timetable. Sometimes I even feel lost 
that I don't know what to do next. On one hand, I feel time is enough for me to draft the protocol which actually is not. 
On the other hand, it is the uncertainty that stopped me from writing. I am a little skeptical about 
the feasibility of my project and not sure if the paper about model comparing would be accepted by journals. I would 
sometimes encourage myself that great work oftentimes don't have a clear happy ending and I can still pivot during the 
course of exploring. As long as I am following the right path and my heart, all things I am longing for 
will come eventually.  
<br>
I watched 2 videos from law Prof.Luo Xiang today, both of which are quite touching. When he talked about choosing majors in college, 
I specifically resonate with the idea that we would always feel regret about our choice 
when hardship and emotional pressure overwhelm.  
<br>
Knowing even Luo Xiang would have the same sentiment makes me feel relieved and all I need to do is to keep walking, not quit. 